Epilepsy Society
Authored by Anonymous
The 26 March is Purple Day, the international day for epilepsy. Help us Stand Up to Seizures this Purple Day, and support our world leading research.
Our range of care is tailored to the needs of each individual, and our professional staff are committed to maximising the life potential of everyone within our care homes. 
Epilepsy Society's Chalfont Centre is unique in bringing together intellectual capital to form a powerhouse multidisciplinary team who contribute to a wide ranging spectrum of research.
Our confidential epilepsy helpline and online information give help and support to people who are affected by epilepsy.
We are a voice for people with epilepsy, striving to push epilepsy up the political agenda and bring about change at government level.
We are the leading charity care provider, where people love to work and live. Our wide range of care is tailored to the needs of each individual, and our professional staff are committed to maximising the life potential of everyone within our care homes.
The Chalfont Centre and our Gowers unit lead the way in the most advanced techniques for the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy.
Our campaigns team lobby government and decision-makers on the issues that matter to people with epilepsy. From safer medicines for pregnant women to the dangers of online trolling, and from medicines supply to public transport access, we raise awareness of the daily challenges facing people with epilepsy.
The theme for this year’s International Women’s Day is to accelerate action for gender equality so we grabbed five minutes with the incredible consultant neurologist and epilepsy researcher, Dr Meneka Kaur Sidhu.
Ley Sander is to stand down as Medical Director of the Epilepsy Society, a position he has held since 2012. During his time at the charity, he has consistently been ranked as one of the top epilepsy specialists in the world.
Michele Finch, co-founder of toffs.com, the replica football shirt company, has pledged to donate 10 per cent of the proceeds of an auction of film and music memorabilia to Epilepsy Society. The items include original dress making patterns for Quidditch outfits designed for Harry Potter actors, gold discs featuring recording artists including Billy Ocean and radio interview tapes with Sir Elton John. The auction takes place on 28 February at Ewbank Auctions in Surrey. 
Amanda Pritchard, NHS England Chief Executive stepped down from her role today and will leave at the end of March. The first woman in the health service’s history to hold the post of chief executive, Amanda began her NHS career as a graduate management trainee. Sir James Mackey will be taking over as Transition CEO of NHS England, working closely with Amanda for the next month before taking up post formally on the first of April.
45 MPs sign letter asking Health Secretary to end medication shortages
Read how we are working to understand the genetic architecture of each individual person's epilepsy through our world leading genomics research programme.
Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) is an area of clinical chemistry that specialises in measuring medication levels (concentrations) in patients, usually through blood samples but also through saliva samples.
The ultimate goals of our current research are to spearhead personalised treatment and to incorporate genomic diagnosis into the NHS for people with epilepsy.
We're open:Monday and Wednesday - 9am to 7.30pmTuesday, Thursday, and Friday - 9am to 4pmSaturday - 9am to 12.30pm
You can also reach us by emailhelpline@epilepsysociety.org.uk.
We send monthly e-newsletters to keep you informed with tips for managing epilepsy, the latest news, inspirational stories, fundraising opportunities and further information from Epilepsy Society.
Read our privacy policy
It is always your choice as to whether you want to receive information from us. You may opt-out of our marketing communications by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the end of our marketing emails or through our unsubscribe number 01494 601 300.
Epilepsy Society
Chesham Lane Chalfont St Peter Buckinghamshire SL9 0RJ
Every effort is made to ensure that all our information is correct and up to date. However, Epilepsy Society is unable to provide a medical opinion on specific cases. Responses to enquiries contain information relating to the general principles of investigation and management of epilepsy. Answers are not, and should not be assumed to be, direct medical advice and is not intended to be a substitute for medical guidance from your own doctors. Epilepsy Society and any third party cannot be held responsible for any actions taken as a result of using this service. Any references made to other organisations does not imply any endorsement by Epilepsy Society.